# Predict Bike Sharing Demand with AutoGluon

## Overview

Bike sharing systems are a means of renting bicycles where the process of obtaining membership, rental, and bike return is automated via a network of kiosk locations throughout a city. Using these systems, people are able rent a bike from a one location and return it to a different place on an as-needed basis. Currently, there are over 500 bike-sharing programs around the world.

The data generated by these systems makes them attractive for researchers because the duration of travel, departure location, arrival location, and time elapsed is explicitly recorded. Bike sharing systems therefore function as a sensor network, which can be used for studying mobility in a city. In this competition, participants are asked to combine historical usage patterns with weather data in order to forecast bike rental demand in the Capital Bikeshare program in Washington, D.C.  
  
You are provided hourly rental data spanning two years. For this competition, the training set is comprised of the first 19 days of each month, while the test set is the 20th to the end of the month. You must predict the total count of bikes rented during each hour covered by the test set, using only information available prior to the rental period.

### Dependencies

```
Python 3.7
MXNet 1.8
Pandas >= 1.2.4
AutoGluon 0.2.0 
```

### Installation
For this project, it is highly recommended to use Sagemaker Studio from the course provided AWS workspace. This will simplify much of the installation needed to get started.

For local development, you will need to setup a jupyter lab instance.
* Follow the [jupyter install](https://jupyter.org/install.html) link for best practices to install and start a jupyter lab instance.
* If you have a python virtual environment already installed you can just `pip` install it.
```
pip install jupyterlab
```
* There are also docker containers containing jupyter lab from [Jupyter Docker Stacks](https://jupyter-docker-stacks.readthedocs.io/en/latest/index.html).

## License
[License](LICENSE.txt)
